# v2024.1.0 Changelog

## 🇬🇧 English :
Explorer :

- Anchors: added the ability to restart a session from multiple different locations
- Interoperability between checklist and annotation tool : checklists can now be exported to annotation or BCF. Annotations can be quickly checked in the checklist tool
- Checklist :
  * Added the ability to select multiple floors or statuses simultaneously
  * When the storey filter menu is open, clicking on an object adds or removes its floor from the filter
  * Performance improvements (especially on large lists)
- Annotations :
  * Improved BCF management (display of comment threads)
- Visibility tool :
  * Performance improvements
- Options: Added an option to control vertical viewing distance
- Continuous matching : added a shortcut in the circular menu to enable/disable it
- Tabletop mode: The name of the current floor is now displayed when the vertical section plane cursor is hovered

Configurator :
- Autosave.
- Cutting boxes
- Increased triangle limit in tabletop mode
- Filters:
  * Object Property Rule: Added a search field for properties and a shortcut to fill the field with the selected object's property value.
  * Multiple selection and intelligent drag & drop (creating a visibility list / checklist per filter).
- Hierarchy : Added buttons to sort files alphabetically.
- Annotation : Alternative editing mode for the user list. It can be modified as a single block of text (one user per line) to facilitate copying and pasting from the outside.
- Visibility list : added a button to duplicate a list.